hello this jamming it is Adam here aki
west cap back on our episode wasting my
money which i waste my money on ultra
theme parks for your pleasure so am yeah
and collected packs playing background
because I trip sometimes discuss today
and today I want to discuss hazard punk
now if you don't know who this is or
what this is or what I'm even a better
talk about and I suggest you follow me
on twitter and go sign up on twitter if
you're not already signed up and go
follow your favourite youtubers there
but my links in description but
basically do this a guy called Hazzard
punk streaming FIFA yesterday all over
on twitch TV or a lot of a stream and on
twitchtv see a lot of people like myself
whatever other youtubers have a lot of
people in there but people that start
streaming without any background in
YouTube don't really have much followers
into it twitch reverent get very few
viewers and basically this guy had I
think he had about 30 people in this
stream and then been a gir someone
tweeted it out and then Hayes tweeted
out and then I clicked off I clicked the
link off Hayes tweeting it out and then
I was in there and best of all he was in
there and like a good field of youtubers
and then every and basically the guy in
it obviously watch his youtube videos
and he's seen like me and bath boy and
Hayes name when he was just freaking out
and he was like oh my god it's these
guys and you see he had a webcam on the
video at the same time it's just gone
insane and basically then everyone start
getting in there and as soon like he got
stage-four k saw in everyone even EA
Sports on their own account tweeted out
and was just massive and by the end we
get over 4,000 people in streaming and I
would say she got hacked on stream which
I can was like adding to the thing well
it's just and a kid over 4,000 people in
stream which is insane like that is
ridiculous how many people were in there
that's just really goes to show the fief
community and what what some people were
going in like trolling gone oh look at
this kid he's such an idiot whoever
because the guy was like obviously quite
a shock like he was in a call then with
me and all is like YouTube so we added a
month on skype and stuff and like I just
like overall I just felt it was finally
something that God that the faith
community does if you know what I mean
like everyone tweeted out and he was
there and like like said well some
people will make a fun um you could tell
how happy this guy was
I would like it made his day and it was
just it was really nice to see that we
could actually do something good for
like somebody we couldn't just like cuz
usually people are like so by themselves
and they're like everyone wants to be
yeah so I find a lot with faith
community these days is everyone has
their own kind of one-way ticket to the
top and it only balls them it's not a
team kind of effort it was just nice to
see people basically kind of galvanized
around one guy and like having gone from
having like nobody to stream to
thousands of people like he is nearly
2,000 people fall on one Twitter now in
one day unlike like wasn't which and
it's just it's just a nice like little
thing I think happened just random and
it's probably will never happen again
well it was ridiculous this is just an
example of like what good 15 you can do
and I think it's a direction now I think
we need to like start studying in the
fever shape and like headers back in
that direction of what's doing like good
stuff for the fief community and for
people around is not kind of like said
being selfish and not just going with
our one-way kind of take it like as I
said we're all it's a community like
we're all together and it's just a nice
example of what we can do if we send her
money so I'm probably something that we
should like set more of a mind to and
because at the end they nobody wants to
go and I called you is gone and it's
just nice to see that we can't do it
right so hope you enjoyed the video this
little conversation I will actually
leave the guy is Twitter and twitch if I
remember in the comments and yeah i'll
chat later i think actually gonna have
one podcast on friday i said that to him
and he was flipping out so i think we
might have them there as well that we
nice i didn't have a nice thing anyway
so guys I'll see it in and make sure to
LIKE the video and subscribe